Add GB report for 2025.1 (#2739)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/blog/2025/2025-governing-board-report-may-25.md

      sensitive topic. Rest assured this group has been very busy)
  * Community
    * Charter agreed & adopted
    * [Website Working Group](https://matrix.org/foundation/working-groups/)
      created for managing [matrix.org](http://matrix.org) and related sites
    * [Events Working Group](https://matrix.org/foundation/working-groups/) for
      ... events!
    * First proposals for the Foundation are coming up from the Website group
    * Tighter integration with Finance needed for Events to work well
  * Finance & Fundraising
    * Charter agreed & adopted
    * Figuring out how to enable a Fundraising Working Group
    * Looking at cost savings / revenue raising options
    * A financial report agreed as needing to get published
    * Currently working using cashflow, a proper budget is a goal here
* Ratification of Governing Board Docs
  * Approved!
  * This is understood as a starting point, not a final destination. These will
    be living documents that we will update as required, especially as we try
    these processes and expectations out for real
  * These will get added to the [Matrix Governing Board

>     site](https://matrix.org/foundation/governing-board) shortly

Reviewer: Should we merge #2742 and update this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * These are canonically maintained and published through the [Matrix Governing Board
    site](https://matrix.org/foundation/governing-board/#bylaws-processes-and-norms)
```
